fix(treesitter): correctly handle query quantifiers (#24738)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  upstream tree-sitter and Helix to make it easier to share queries. The full
  list is documented in |treesitter-highlight-groups|.

• The "match" table returned by |Query:iter_matches()| and that is used in

>   |treesitter-predicates| now correctly maps capture IDs to a list of matching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |treesitter-predicates| and |treesitter-directives| now correctly maps capture IDs to a list of matching
```

Reviewer: As a side note, I wonder if we could make the error message more helpful (rather than unexpected nil error) for better downstream migration experience, but it would be at the cost of small performance loss.

• |nvim_buf_call()| and |nvim_win_call()| now preserves any return value (NB: not multiple return values)

> • Treesitter
>   • |Query:iter_matches()|, |vim.treesitter.query.add_predicate()|, and
>     |vim.treesitter.query.add_directive()| accept a new "correct" option which
>     opts-in to correct matching behavior. When "correct" is set, the match
>     table returned by each iteration of |Query:iter_matches()| (or that is
>     passed to the handler function for predicates/directives) maps capture IDs
>     to lists of nodes rather than to a single node. The latter behavior is
>     incorrect and buggy, but is kept as the default for backward
>     compatibility. In a future release, the correct behavior will become the
>     default and the "correct" option will be removed.
>   • |vim.treesitter.query.add_predicate()| and
>     |vim.treesitter.query.add_directive()| now accept an options table rather
>     than a boolean "force" argument. To force a predicate or directive to
>     override an existing predicate or directive, use `{ force = true }`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• Treesitter
  • |Query:iter_matches()|, |vim.treesitter.query.add_predicate()|, and
    |vim.treesitter.query.add_directive()| accept a new `correct` option which
    ensures that all matching nodes are returned as a table. The default option
    `correct=false` returns only a single node, breaking captures with quantifiers
    like `(comment)+ @comment; it is only provided for backward compatibility
    and will be removed after Nvim 0.10.
  • |vim.treesitter.query.add_predicate()| and
    |vim.treesitter.query.add_directive()| now accept an options table rather
    than a boolean "force" argument. To force a predicate or directive to
    override an existing predicate or directive, use `{ force = true }`.
```
